chore(TCOMP-2148) - sample connectors (#590)
Talend/component-runtime: sample-parent/sample-connector/README.md

# Demo Connector

## Description

> This module contains a demo connector developed as a QA tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains a sample (demonstration) connector developped as a QA tool.
```

It is also a good code sample for tck beginners.

## Goal
This demo connector has been firstly built to cover endpoint tests with API Tester.
You can see actual tests in [API test project](../../talend-component-maven-plugin/src/it/web/README.md)
It should have enough content to be able to validate all tck api endpoints with all possible parameters.
The connectors should have everything translated in at least 2 languages, no need for real translation

# Translation
In order to have an easy testing of language mechanic, a simple python script has been provided in the project: [i18n_messages_properties_generator.py](src/main/resources/org/talend/sdk/component/test/connectors/i18n_messages_properties_generator.py).

> Simply execute it to generate a copy of every `messages.properties` file in multiples languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply execute it to generate a copy of every `messages.properties` files in multiples languages.
```
